h1. Kayako REST API Client

"Kayako Resolve":http://www.kayako.com/products/resolve/ is a comprehensive helpdesk and ticket management solution. It exposes "REST API":http://wiki.kayako.com/display/DEV/REST+API which can be used for example to create new tickets from external systems. This is PHP client for Kayako API.

h1. Documentation

Documentation is available as "Github Wiki Page":https://github.com/Furgas/Kayako-REST-API-Client/wiki/Documentation.


h1. How to contribute

If you want to contribute an enhancement or a fix:

# Fork the project on github.
# Make your changes (please try to preserve used coding conventions and code formatting). 
# Test your changes.
# Commit the changes without making changes to files that aren't related to your enhancement or fix.
# Send a pull request.

h1. (Un)license

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>